09:00 AM - 10:45 AM (ET)
Tutorial IP1: Agentic AI System for In Silico Team Science: From LLM Basics to Lab Assistant Agents 1
Large language models (LLMs) are now widely used in biomedical research for code generation and decision support. However, going from chat


---
Skip to main content
Playground
Input transcript
EN So we're going to turn it, I'm going to show you a fully autonomous jet ski. Like that instructed relevant features. Um, this is I here, but this is actually an updated demo. It's going to also have medication. It's going to have um graphics. It's going to have um ICD codes and some other types of data as well. And then we're going to construct the data set and code those features, make it make a tabular data set for downstream predictive modeling. And the tools we have are the JSR we talked about knowledge graphs. So we're actually going to use a specific knowledge graph that we've built in our lab, specifically because the interaction between HIV and drug use and outcomes. So, and it's like the experiment. So we call it addiction KB, also can be used for addiction medicine as well. Um and the ages are going to parse that. very, very large data set, hundreds of thousands of names. millions of connections. Um, and that is a curated curated source provided by NLM. We also have um papers, like literal papers that we we've essence deconstructed down to a useful format. We'll talk about that a bit. That's another source of data we're going to use. These are the genetic AI systems. So as Jason said, you have to use a different model inside that genetic AI system. So we're going to be using Clauson 5 for this particular demo, but you can use any model you want, but we're going to pick on it is because one it's cheaper than the Opus and stable. Two, this is brand new. This came out like last week and this is specifically designed for agents and tool use. So that's one of the reasons why I'm going to use this model. Uh and then of course we have tools. Tools are things the agents can use, like like a learn package or Python scripts that they can actually use to run the analysis. Just real quick, this is what addiction looks like. This is a very small subgraph of that gigantic network. So we have HIV infection and the central node and we have multiple connections. We have different subtypes of HIV, we have the genes that are associated with HIV and we have those are those nodes. We have other diseases that are associated with it. And we have drugs. And then the dotted lines represent connections that technically aren't in the knowledge graph, but could be connections used by a liquor and network science. So the knowledge graph is in theory could be potentially larger than that than it actually is. And the agents are going to actually do that type of analysis. We're going to determine if there's any novel predictors in the extracted knowledge graph that aren't in the also using the actual interactions as well. So I'm going to huge nerd and uh what something that kind of like dawned on me is like I love like RPGs. Especially like old 90s like Japanese RPGs. I love like Warcraft. I love all those fantasy games. And what I started to realize when designing agents that it's a lot like building a party for an RPG. It could be a table tabletop game, it could be like well, so the best parties are the ones that are diverse. Each of the each of the classes you pick are going to have specific roles or specific problems. And the more diverse your team is, the more diverse problems you can tackle. And thinking about that, it makes making agent systems not only fun, but makes more sense because I said when you debug problems, you start to realize the skills and and the necessary relevant domains that are needed for certain problems. And then you can start building your agent system. So we're going to use this theme of the core of RPGs um to show you what the agents So I'm going to start the demo soon, but I just real quickly want to talk about what the uh what the agentic system looks like. There's six agents that are working in this pipeline. First specifically, I made this pipeline to engineer, meaning that it starts with agent one and then goes through each agent and then that's it. There's no there's no internal looping structure that's in a very complex complex topology. These things exist though. You can make your topology as as dynamic as you want, but for simplicity we're going to just run through this linearly. I use Lang graph, which is a popular I call it the scikit learn of agentic pipeline engineering. Um there's other ways you can build agents, but Lang graph, I like Lang chain or like easy to use, you have to tutorials and stuff like that and it's like kind of builds your agent system and how to build your own agents. We're also going to be using MCP, we talked about this before. This is kind of like the API of agentic AI. Um you can most people use external MCP servers, like try to code tools from external sources, but I've hosted an internal MCP server for this demo. with my own tools that I created so the agents can go grab them when they need them. Um and without further ado, I'm not going to talk about the explanation of the agent here. I'll do it in the demo. So Okay, so this So here is our we They go a little bit. So they've been changing screen. So this is our agentic system. Essentially we have six agents around the campfire here. And I'm going to start the process where the agents are going to start talking to each other and they're going to start actually working the task. So I click the start button here. And what's going to eventually happen here is that the party log down here, these are a bunch of system messages. I'm not going to go through them, but this is basically what each agent is doing. It starts with the architect. The architect starts the agentic pipeline. And this is important because we have to initiation of part. So that's what this is. Now the scout's job is to go through the knowledge graph. So right now, you know, behind the scenes, on my computer, locally, the scout is accessing this very very large knowledge graph. I said hundreds of nodes, millions of edges and it's trying to find the infection node. back the search and it's going to start one hop, two hop, three hop, two nodes or person, right? node in the knowledge graph and started extracting features. It's going to present those, it's going to put those features in a list, the things that are connected to the HIV and then it's also going to start doing link prediction using actual network science tools like Network X, which is a Python package. It's going to start performing link prediction itself. So it's going to run those link prediction algorithms and it's going to do the node traversal and each agent in this system is a pending to a list of possible candidates for feature engineering. And um each entry will have a rationale. So every every agent will have a rationale and a So now it goes to this stage. Now the stage is doing something a little bit different. Like I said, I he constructed a bunch of features that are relevant to HIV infection. and um efficacy. And those papers were condensed into a format called OKF, open knowledge format. This was created by Google about a month or two ago. It's not a very it's not a huge deal. All it really is that it's it's hierarchical markdown files. So we talked about markdown files again in Jason's presentation. Markdown files are very easy to parse information for agents. So think that every paper gets compressed into this markdown format of a bunch of English um in a hierarchical structure. So you're going to have each paper called domain or something underneath each individual domain. So all of the camel run matter. And now it's parsing out again look for features. Now it goes to the declarer. is a clinician. So all this agent does, it doesn't use tools like the other two but he uses its own inference. What the pre-prompt said, you are a clinician with X years of experience in HIV infection, yada yada. We give it this information to target the model to do inference. Specifically for this task. And what the clinician's going to do is going to look at the list provided by the scout stage and it's going to say, okay, you have this property, you have this property, but you're not this. Maybe almost this. That's very predictive of this. So it's going to put that inside of maybe diabetes is predicted. And that's going to put that in. Next it goes to the quizzer. Now this is the one that decides every task and So from the scout, from the stage, the the quizzer will read it. Who single pending the rational, the agent and give literally give a thumbs up or a thumbs down. Depending on whether the critic thinks that's plausible from a from a clinical perspective or a socioeconomic perspective or a data integritySo I added an additional piece

EN of rationality or plus or minus in why. So that's really working. And it gets passed through the wizard. Now the wizard's job is to actually engineer the features temporarily build the actual columns. and then do a bunch of statistical analysis, unsupervised analysis. looking at variance thresholds, like learn using like correlation structures, Pearson correlation with all the different features inside of the correlations. looks at um how many individuals have that feature, we can let's say that you know, there's a certainty code. that maybe for given in theory, but only one patient have it, that's not going to be very helpful. So that that's really lagging. The wizard is very similar to the inquisitor and that it also gives a thumbs up or a thumbs down, but some of completely different perspective. Now I'm going to see the architect for a final pass. Now the architect's job was to initially engineer, but now it's now its job is to go through every single entity, look at the rationale by by the agent that chose the features, look at the rationale by the critic to criticize the feature and look at the statistics that came from the wizard. And it will make the final decision if that will be included or not. Now if you look at the 37 that are on screen, that's how many features exist currently. And so the architect is going to go through them and just decided to drop two. So now we have 29 features. that are being predicted of our outcome. The system is complete. And we are ready to go to modeling. So if you go to the features tab, these are every feature that was a provider. by each agent. The rationale and then if you go to here, this is the reviews. So these are all the reviews of all the different agents. So for example, right here, the inquisitor said that this feature, which is hepatitis C, um is chronic HIV co-infection, affects ART. So it gave it a thumbs up. The wizard then checked for prevalence and said that 8.6% of the cohort has this ICD10 code. We're going to thumbs up that as well. Each this is every single feature this was done. And this is the log of that and we're not going to go through all of these. But then we have a summary. So this is that summary of the mission itself, how many features were constructed, how many were retained, uh what the ICD10 codes were, and then were these are lab values. And then these are medications. So this this particular feature set, contained ICD 10, labs and medications. Now we're going to move to the final modeling step. We're going to the model results here, click the model, we're a model. So it's going to actually run the XG boost right now for us. on those final features. And we get a ROC, we get a PRA, we get a balanced accuracy. So we get the ROC curve, we get a feature importance plot, permutation feature importance and hold CD4 count as predictive. So that's uh hemoglobin, nicotine dependence, we have things like three and I'll give a few drugs in there, chronic liver So again, things that kind of makes sense from a clinical perspective. So now, I want to show you some more results because I'm sure you all wonder, I wonder too, is this replicable? Right? Can I run this over and over and over and get the same results? And the answer is yes and no. And that's actually very powerful. in my because we don't in my opinion, I think it's really important to get it with kind of consistency of the different things that are going to show up all the time first, which features kind of show up once or twice. So I did a basic just compare to random, right? So I had ran this 10 times and then I picked 10 random feature sets that are of a similar size. So the range of features that you come out of this system, right, between these 20 to 40, let's say. So within that range, I generated 10 random feature sets that in that range and just compared. using a statistical test. And not only do we beat, um, and we beat random as far as the predictive value that come out from that that's not really surprising because the fact these are using real tools, and real inference, associated with our outcome. But more importantly, are the features that come out And we notice right away is that I kind of pump these features as far as like clinical categories. And the HIV T cell immunity 10 out of 10 runs, we get CD4 or CD4, CD4 or CD4, CD8 ratio comes out of this process. So the the machine knows, the system knows that that's a very predictive feature. We have things like anemia or red blood cell status, again, 10 out of 10 runs had a feature in that clinical domain. Age came out, renal function, white cell counts, platelets, um, metabolic features, hepatitis hepatitis injury, so and then there's a bunch of things that are that are uh of course socioeconomic. We have almost every time nicotine and tobacco dependence, uh weight. Yeah. And um yeah, so these are kind of the things that come out of this uh So two more slides and then we'll get the questions all the time. Um, so in the future, again, this is a demo. This is not something where we're using currently right now in the process. However, we are using it as the basis of experiments that are building. So in the future, we're going to have a human in the loop process here. So each agent's going to potentially or we're going to test if that efficacy is to stop the system to have a clinician have input in each of those steps. If things missed, it should run it again X Y and Z. The next thing is again, this is a linear topology, okay? And I recommend if you're going to build these systems that it should be more dynamic. There should be checks and checks within the system. There should be loop structures, things going back and forth. So we're going to actually work on that as well. We're going to test those structures or work that are we're currently in the lab we're building two platforms specifically designed to assess rigor of AI systems. So so we have two ways of doing that and you know, hopefully we'll have those things out pretty soon. But we're also going to be using evolutionary algorithms to evolve these topologies. to find out which ones are the best. Um and in the future we want to add more agents. We want to have something like a palette here to do optimization in PK. adjust the carriages to do AI fairness reproducibility. And a far to do actual feature engineering where it takes the features that are existing and then tries to combinations of features or create meta features from the data that are Uh and that's a we have about like like 10 minutes. Yeah. Sure. Thanks. Yes. Uh there was a lot of information on this slide. I can do that, sure. Yes, I can do that. Nothing. How we can we can do a lot of things. Sure. Oh, yeah, I can do those. Yeah. Email them to me. Yeah. Sorry, you were first. Sorry. Uh how do you know if the engine is already using the ML training knowledge? versus just the pure data set? training. Right. So they're has to be there's actually a check in there. So there's there's so you can in the system, you can't generate a feature unless it's actually existing in the data set. So if that occurs, it gets it it it can't so there is like a, all right, there's like guidelines and middleware inside of the actual pipeline to where if that occurs, it can't be generated and then we can't have that come out to do for example. So now the question is I I think the more interesting question or I think what you're does the model the model actually learn something that doesn't exist? Now that I think I think probably CD creation and then they said for example. particular. But it that it fits the you're not to do No, no. Yes. Purely amount. Yeah. Agents never see the data. only only the only the guideline comes in that's actual scripts. So the agent never sees the data. Yeah. Sorry. I think I think that's one of the advantages of using something like a knowledge graph. uh to do selection. So it's never going to be a lot more because it's agents access the knowledge rather than the language model. Well, it's something we're losing. I I love this. This was so great. Thank you. Do you think the feature engineering isbecause, you know, for

EN years now, the deep learning people would say, you know, no, so 2010, 2000 five or something, we beyond that here, it seems like you're using your that's something you could Thanks. I I you know, I think that there's a lot of things we the clinical data is very complex and I think that yeah, they deep learning architectures can definitely just start to just, you know, there's all this black box happening with people and they're actually there is there is a hypothesis that they don't they don't know what they are, right? And it's really hard to extract that out. Um I also what we try to do is explicitly instead of like AI, they actually is explainable, right? So we really work to make sure that features that come out things that the clinician as well and we're trying to build agents to do that. Um in addition to which I I should just say I think that's very important. Um I think we still need that the deep learning architectures, um but you can design agents to do that as well. Like let's say that the feature engineering agent identifies a bunch of weird things and the agent identifies that the clinician knows this. possibility agents should be able to flag that and say, this may be predictive, maybe we have to deconstruct the feature for find out what actually is driving the prediction. because you can technically engineer any feature possible thing. that's mathematically possible, but it may not make any sense. So yeah, I in a way I do think that this system is bringing that. Yes. the the protocol often the the the the the because the Sure. Let me actually show something. I think so and not and so if we go back here, this actually only cost $2.30 cents. So that's really funny by the way that like So again, um you could you could just a couple of things you can do. One you can give this thank you you can give this open model. You can give this whatever you want, right? Um now, of course, the the results may vary, of course. Um but yeah, and this is a linear pipeline. So this is kind of the cheapest you can get kind of thing, right? So if we start the loop here, we would that number would go up. So, again, what we're going to do in the lab, our part of our major reproducibility is also cost assessment. So we're going to run a whole bunch of different policies. And the truth is if that actually do $2 is worth it or right? Or if that actually $10 is worth it or not. But yes, the answer is you can engineer different systems that you whatever you want. cost as much as you want, but it takes testing for us. Um so some of them like language models are doing like this or they're doing doing Um and then the standard cost to be really something like that. So that's not like a whole block. If you give the right tools and the right numbers and the right algorithm, you can do things with a less all the models do it again like make it suitable. And make the right decision, the action. A lot of times it's not useful to think the job. So do you have any tips on how to handle the long-term and short-term memory? Because I noticed that your English is very so that's obviously multiple times and there was something involved. You know, especially something that access multiple errors that feel is caused the model integration. So this is not using open model. This is using cloud signer. Um second is that this is linear. So there was no actual looping in this. So basically what happens is you get a one shot so it gets all the features in one shot and it has to produce those reviews one API call. So it doesn't loop. for each one. Sorry, sorry. Yeah. It doesn't send back to you for action. No, this is a linear pipeline. Yeah, so it literally just passes so it takes that list and gives it to the wizard. The wizard doesn't look at the at the wizard's all the one that actually looks at is the final agent that looks at but all one shot, it looks at all of them. It never passes back. You could do that if you want. So what's now happening? So uh so we can direct Right, and what if there's an error, it just won't the pipeline will stop. Yeah. Yep. I hope not. So you're going to be so um two big things. So um so the thing is we're processing information so you're doing both. So we can do each of them. So the the data we're passing is what we get from the API. So it's literally this um large CSV. So we're this this isn't tabular. Yeah, it actually creates a tabular data set for prediction inside the loop. So the so So the other one is so I own you know, but like Right, so it's it's ready to go for this system but not for prediction model. That makes sense. Yeah. So what's the So um so so so you could definitely do that. No, not for this one, but I do yes. Yes. So the system will they and process and the look at the data and do the quality control. So the process uh you can put a laser to things and that that's what that's what I I mean these things are on the so that's only the data. And then so Yeah, but so you So this is these tools are And if you're running all of it, you know, these spots something like that. No idea what it through helps. Like so it'll have all the the you can exactly what the agent on the you know, can audit what happened and they can like We're going to have more time of the event. Yeah, why don't we on, uh we'll have a whole hour in here. You know,

Output transcript
ZH 所以我們要把它轉過來，我要給你看一個全自動的水上摩托車。就像那樣指示相關的功能。嗯，這是我在這裡，但這其實是一個更新的演示。它還會有藥物。它會有圖形。它會有嗯ICD 代碼和其他一些類型的數據。然後我們要構建數據集並對這些特徵進行編碼，製作一個表格數據集用於下游預測建模。而我們擁有的工具是我們之前談到的知識圖譜。所以我們實際上會使用一個我們已經在實驗室建立的特定知識圖譜，具體來說是因為 HIV和藥物之間的相互作用和結果。所以，這就像實驗一樣。所以我們稱之為成癮知識庫，也可以用於成癮醫學，也是。嗯，年齡將會解析那個非常非常大的數據集，數十萬個名字，數百萬個連接。嗯，那是一個經過策劃的來源，由 NLM 提供。我們還有論文，比如字面上的論文，我們已經提取了核心並將其解構為有用的格式。我們稍後會談談這個。這是我們將要使用的另一個數據源。這些是遺傳人工智能系統。所以正如 Jason 所說，你必須使用不同的模型在那個遺傳人工智能系統內部。所以我們將使用 Clauson 5 來進行這個特定的演示，但你可以使用任何你想要的模型，但我們選擇它是因為它比 Opus 和穩定版便宜。第二，這是全新的。這是上週左右推出的，這是專門為代理和工具使用設計的。所以這是我要使用這個模型的原因之一。然後當然我們有工具。工具是代理可以使用的東西，比如像學習包或 Python腳本，他們可以實際用來運行分析。只是很快地說一下，這就是成癮的樣子。這是一個非常小的子圖，來自那個巨大的網絡。所以我們有 HIV感染和中心節點，我們有多個連接。我們有不同亞型的HIV，我們有與之相關的基因，我們還有那些是那些節點。我們還有其他與之相關的疾病。我們還有藥物。然後虛線代表實際上不在知識圖譜中，但可能是代理使用的連接，比如網絡科學。所以知識圖譜是理論上可能是比這更大，比它實際上的更大。而代理實際上會做那種分析。我們將確定是否有任何新的預測因子在提取的知識圖譜中，而不在另外，使用實際的相互作用也是。所以我要是一個大書呆子，呃，有件事讓我突然意識到是我喜歡角色扮演遊戲。特別是90年代的日本角色扮演遊戲。我喜歡魔獸爭霸。我喜歡所有那些奇幻遊戲。然後我開始意識到在設計代理時，這很像組建一個隊伍玩角色扮演遊戲。可以是桌上遊戲，也可以是，嗯，所以最好的隊伍是那些多元化的。每個每個你選擇的職業都有特定的角色或特定問題。而且越多元化的團隊就越能應對多樣化的問題。而且想到這一點，這就使得製作代理系統不僅有趣，而且更合理，因為我說過，當你調試問題時，你會開始意識到技能和必要的相關領域是需要的，針對某些問題。然後你就可以開始建立你的代理系統。所以我們將使用這個主題，即角色扮演遊戲的核心，來向你展示代理是什麼所以我要開始演示了，但我只是想快速談談這個，呃，代理系統是什麼樣的。有六個代理在這個流程中工作。首先具體來說，我製作這個流程是為了工程師，也就是說它從代理一開始，然後經過每個代理然後就這樣。沒有，沒有內部循環結構在一個非常複雜的複雜拓撲結構中。這些東西確實存在。你可以把你的拓撲結構做得盡可能動態，但為了簡單起見，我們就按線性運行。我使用Langgraph，這是一個流行的我稱之為 scikit learn 的代理流程工程。還有其他方法可以構建代理，但Langgraph，我喜歡 Langchain或者說很容易使用，你必須有教程之類的東西，而且它就像是建立你的代理系統以及如何構建自己的代理。我們還將使用 MCP，我們之前談過這個。這有點像代理 AI 的API。你可以，大多數人使用外部MCP 服務器，比如嘗試編碼來自外部資源的工具，但我託管了一個內部MCP 服務器來做這個演示。這是我自己創建的工具，所以代理可以隨時獲取。呃，然後廢話不多說，我就不談論解釋代理了。我會在演示中做。所以好的，所以這個所以這是我們的我們他們走了一點點。所以他們一直在改變屏幕。所以這就是我們的代理系統。基本上我們有六個代理圍在篝火旁。然後我要開始這個過程了，代理們將開始互相交談，他們將開始實際處理任務。所以我點擊開始按鈕。最終會發生的是，這個隊伍日誌這裡，這些是一堆系統消息。我就不一一看了，但這基本上就是每個代理在做的事情。它從建築師開始。建築師開始代理流程。然後這很重要，因為我們必須啟動部分。所以這就是這個。現在偵察兵的工作是去瀏覽知識圖譜。所以現在，你知道，在幕後，在我的電腦上，本地，偵察兵正在訪問這個非常大的知識圖譜。我說過有幾百個節點，幾百萬條邊，而且它正在試圖找到感染節點。返回搜索，然後它將開始一跳、兩跳、三跳，兩個節點或人，對吧？知識圖譜中的節點，並開始提取特徵。它將展示那些，它將把這些特徵放入列表中，那些與 HIV相關的，然後它還將開始使用鏈接預測進行實際的網絡科學工具，比如 Network X，這是一個 Python包。它將開始自行進行鏈接預測。所以它將運行這些鏈接預測算法，然後它將進行節點遍歷，並且這個系統中的每個代理都是正在等待一個可能的候選人列表，用於特徵工程。然後嗯每個條目都會有一個理由。所以每個代理都會有一個理由和一個所以現在它轉到這個階段。現在這個階段做的事情有點不同。就像我說的，我他構建了一堆與HIV 相關的特徵。和嗯療效。而這些論文被濃縮成一種稱為OKF 的格式，開放知識格式。這是由Google 創建的，大約一兩個月前。這不是一個非常大的事情。它實際上只是一個層次結構的 Markdown 文件。所以我們談到了Markdown 文件，在 Jason 的演講中。Markdown文件非常容易解析給代理的信息。所以想想每篇論文都被壓縮成這個 Markdown格式，包含一堆英文嗯在一個層次結構中。所以你會有每個論文稱為領域或類似的東西在每個單獨領域下。所以所有的駱駝運行事項。現在它又在解析尋找特徵。現在它轉到聲明者。是一個臨床醫生。所以這個代理所做的，它不使用像其他兩個代理那樣的工具，但他使用自己的推理。預處理說，你是一個擁有 X 年HIV 經驗的臨床醫生，等等。我們給它這個信息，讓它針對模型進行推理。具體來說是針對這個任務。而臨床醫生要做的是查看提供的偵察兵的列表，也就是說，好的，你有這個屬性，你有這個屬性，但你不是這個。也許幾乎是這個。這非常有預測性。所以它會把它放在裡面，也許預測是糖尿病。然後這會把它放進去。接下來它轉到測驗者。現在這是決定每個任務的那個，所以從偵察員，從舞台，測驗者會讀它。誰是單一待處理的理性，代理人，並給予實際上給予贊成或反對。取決於評論家是否認為這是從一個臨床角度來看是合理的還是社會經濟角度或數據完整性

ZH 所以我增加了一個額外的部分的理性或正負的原因。所以這真的是有效的。而且它會通過嚮導。現在嚮導的工作實際上是設計功能暫時建立實際的欄位。然後做一堆統計分析，非監督式分析。查看變異數閾值，比如學習使用相關性結構，皮爾森相關性與所有不同的特徵在相關性中。查看嗯，有多少個體擁有該特徵，我們假設你知道，有一個確定性代碼。也許在理論上是給定的，但只有一個患者有，這不會很有幫助。所以這真的是滯後的。嚮導非常類似於審判官，它也會給出贊成或不贊成，但觀點完全不同。現在我要看建築師做最後的審核。現在建築師的工作是最初的設計，但現在它的工作是檢查每一個實體，查看由代理人提供的理由，選擇了特徵，查看評論家批評該特徵的理由，並查看來自嚮導的統計數據。然後它會做出最終決定，是否包含或不包含。現在如果你看屏幕上的37個，這就是目前存在的特徵數量。所以建築師將會檢查它們，然後決定刪除兩個。所以現在我們有29個特徵正在被預測我們的結果。系統已經完成。我們準備好進入建模階段。所以如果你去特徵標籤，這些是所有提供者特徵。由每個代理人提供。理由然後如果你去這裡，這是評論。所以這些是所有不同代理人的評論。所以例如，就在這裡，審判官說這個特徵，也就是丙型肝炎，嗯是慢性愛滋病合併感染，影響抗逆轉錄病毒治療。所以它給了贊成。嚮導然後檢查了患病率，並說8.6%的隊列有這個ICD10代碼。我們也給它點贊。每個這是每一個特徵都這樣做了。這是的日誌，我們就不一一看了。但是然後我們有一個總結。所以這就是任務的總結，本身有多少特徵被構建，有多少被保留，呃ICD10代碼是什麼，然後是這些是實驗室值。然後這些是藥物。所以這這個特定的特徵集，包含ICD 10、實驗室和藥物。現在我們要進入最後的建模步驟。我們進入模型結果，點擊模型，我們是一個模型。所以它將實際運行XG boost。在那些最終特徵上。然後我們得到一個ROC，我們得到一個PRA，我們得到一個平衡準確率。所以我們得到ROC曲線，我們得到一個特徵重要性圖，排列特徵重要性，並保留CD4計數作為預測指標。所以這是血紅蛋白，尼古丁依賴，我們有像這樣的事情三我會給出一些藥物，慢性肝病所以再次強調，這些事情從臨床角度來看是有道理的。所以現在，我想給你們看一些更多的結果，因為我確定你們都在想，我也在想，這可以複製嗎？對吧？我能一遍又一遍地運行這個，並得到同樣的結果嗎？答案是既是也不是。這其實非常強大。在我看來。因為我們在我的看法中，我認為這真的很重要，要得到這種一致性。不同事物的一致性，這些事情會一直出現，哪些特徵會出現一兩次。所以我做了一個基本的只是比較隨機的，對吧？所以我運行了這個10次，然後我挑選了10個隨機的特徵集，它們具有相似的大小。所以你通常會從這個系統中得到的特徵範圍，對吧，大約在20到40之間。所以在这个範圍內，我生成了10個隨機的特徵集，並進行了比較。使用統計測試。而且我們不僅擊敗了，而且我們擊敗了隨機，就預測價值而言，從那個出來的結果並不令人驚訝，因為事實上這些使用的是真實的工具，和真實的推論，與我們的結果相關。但更重要的是，那些出現的特徵我們馬上注意到的是，我把這些特徵作為臨床類別。而HIV T細胞免疫在10次運行中，我們得到CD4或CD4， CD4或CD4， CD8比率從這個過程中出來。所以機器知道，系統知道這是一個非常具有預測性的特徵。我們有像貧血或紅血球狀態，同樣，在10次運行中都有一個屬於該臨床領域的特徵。年齡出現了，腎功能，白血球計數，血小板，嗯，代謝特徵，肝炎肝炎損傷，所以然後還有很多事情是，當然是社會經濟的。我們幾乎每次都有尼古丁和煙草依賴，呃體重。是的。然後，是的，所以這些是從這個系統中出來的東西，所以還有兩張幻燈片，然後我們就會有時間提問。嗯，所以未來，這是一個演示。這不是我們現在正在使用的東西，在過程中。然而，我們正在將其作為我們正在進行的實驗的基礎。所以在未來，我們將有一個人在迴路中進行處理。所以每個代理人都會潛在地或者我們將測試該功效是否是為了停止系統讓臨床醫生進行在每個步驟中進行輸入。如果有遺漏，它應該再次運行X、Y和Z。接下來是，這是一個線性拓撲，好嗎？我建議如果你要建立這些系統，它應該更具動態性。應該在系統內進行檢查。應該有循環結構，事情來回進行。所以我們實際上也會致力於此。我們將測試這些結構或工作我們正在目前在實驗室我們正在建立兩個平台，專門設計用於評估嚴謹性的人工智慧系統。所以所以我們有兩種方法可以做到這一點，而且，你知道，希望我們很快就會推出這些東西。但我們也將使用進化算法來進化這些拓撲。找出哪些是最好的。嗯，在未來我們想增加更多代理。我們希望有一個像調色板一樣的東西來在PK中進行優化。調整車廂來進行人工智慧公平性再現性。還有一個遠大的目標是進行實際的特徵工程，它採用現有的特徵，然後嘗試特徵的組合或創建來自現有特徵的元特徵。呃，這是一個我們大約有像像10分鐘。是的。當然。謝謝。是的。呃，有很多信息都在這張幻燈片上。我可以做到，當然。是的，我可以做到。沒什麼。怎麼我們可以我們可以做很多事情。當然。哦，是的，我可以做那些。是的。發郵件給我。是的。抱歉，你先。抱歉。呃，你怎麼知道引擎是否已經在使用機器學習訓練知識？而不是僅僅是純粹的數據集？訓練。對。所以必須有一個檢查在裡面。所以你可以在系統中你不能生成一個特徵，除非它確實存在於數據集中。所以如果發生這種情況，它會它會它不能，所以這就像一個，好吧，有指導方針和中間件在實際的管道中，如果發生這種情況，它就不能生成，然後我們就不能有這種情況出現來進行例如。所以現在的問題是，我認為更有趣的問題或者我想你說的是就是模型模型實際上學到了一些不存在的東西嗎？現在我想我想大概CD創建然後他們說例如。特別的。但它適合那個你不是要做不，不。是的。純粹的數量。是的。代理從未見過數據。只有只有只有指導方針進來那是實際的腳本。所以代理從未見過數據。是的。抱歉。我想我想這是其中一個優點，使用像知識圖譜這樣的東西來做選擇。所以它從來不會變得更因為它是代理訪問知識而不是語言模型。嗯,這是我們正在失去的。我我喜歡這個。這太棒了。謝謝。你覺得

ZH 因為，你知道，這幾年來，深度學習的人會說，你知道，不，所以2010年， 2000五年或什麼的，我們在那之後在這裡，看起來你在用你的那是你可以做到的謝謝。我我覺得有很多事情我們臨床數據非常複雜，而且我覺得是的，深度學習架構絕對可以只是開始，你知道，有這麼多黑箱作業發生在人們身上，實際上確實有一個假設是他們不知道它們是什麼，對吧？而且很難從中提取出來。嗯，我也我們嘗試做的是明確地而不是像人工智慧，它們實際上是可解釋的，對吧？所以我們真的努力確保出來的特徵也是臨床醫生的，而且我們正在嘗試建立代理來做這件事。嗯，除此之外，我應該說我覺得這非常重要。嗯，我覺得我們仍然需要深度學習架構，但是你可以設計代理來做這件事情。比如說，如果特徵工程代理識別出一堆奇怪的事情，然後代理識別出臨床醫生知道這點。代理的可能性應該能夠標記出來並說，這可能是預測性的，也許我們必須解構這個特徵來找出到底是什麼在驅動預測。因為你可以技術上設計任何可能的特徵。那是數學上可能的，但可能沒有任何意義。所以是的，在某種程度上我確實認為這個系統正在帶來這個。是的。那個協議通常那個那個那個那個因為當然。讓我實際上展示一些東西。我想所以而且不是，所以如果我們回到這裡，這實際上只花了2.30美元。所以這真的很有趣，順便說一下，所以再說一次，嗯你可以你可以只是幾個你可以做的事情。一個你可以給這個謝謝，你可以給這個開放模型。你可以給這個任何你想要的，對吧？嗯，當然，結果可能會有所不同，當然。嗯但是是的，這是一個線性管道。所以這算是最便宜的了，對吧？所以如果我們在這裡開始循環，我們會那個數字會上升。所以，再說一次，我們在實驗室裡要做的，我們主要的可重複性也是成本評估。所以我們要運行一大堆不同的策略。而且事實上，如果這真的值2美元或者對吧？或者如果這真的值10美元或者不。但是是的，答案是你可以設計不同的系統，隨你喜歡。成本隨你喜歡，但這需要我們測試。嗯所以其中一些像語言模型是這樣做的，或者他們是這樣做的嗯，然後標準成本是真的像那樣。所以那不是像整個區塊。如果你給正確的工具和正確的數字和正確的演算法，你可以做一些事情，而不需要所有模型都重新做一遍，讓它適合。而且做出正確的決定，採取行動。很多時候這不是有用的，認為這份工作。所以你有什麼關於如何處理長期和短期記憶的建議嗎？因為我注意到你的英語非常好，所以這顯然是多次而且有一些事情涉及其中。你知道，特別是那種訪問多個錯誤的感覺是由模型整合引起的。所以這不是使用開放模型。這是使用雲端簽名。嗯，第二是這是線性的。所以沒有實際的循環。所以基本上發生的是你得到一次的機會，所以它得到所有的特徵在一次中，它必須產生那些評論一個API 調用。所以它不循環。針對每一個。抱歉，抱歉。是的。它不會發送回給你以供採取行動。不，這是一個線性管道。是的，所以它只是傳遞所以它接受那個列表並交給嚮導。嚮導不會看嚮導的所有那個真正看的是最後的代理，它會看，但所有一次性，它會看所有。它從不傳回。你可以那樣做，如果你想。所以現在發生了什麼？所以呃所以我們可以引導對，如果發生錯誤，它就不會，管道就會停止。是的。是的。我希望不會。所以你將會，所以兩個大事情。所以嗯所以問題是我們正在處理信息所以你正在做這兩件事。所以我們可以做每一個。所以我們傳遞的數據是我們從API 得到的。所以它實際上是大型CSV。所以我們這這不是表格格式。是的，它實際上創建了一個表格數據集用於循環內的預測。所以所以所以另一個是所以我擁有你知道，但是就像對，所以它已經準備好用於這個系統，但不適用於預測模型。這說得通。是的。所以所以嗯所以所以所以你可以絕對那樣做。不,不是這個,但我確實是。是的。所以這個系統他們會而且處理而且那個看起來數據並做質量控制。所以這個過程呃你可以用激光照射東西,這就是這就是我我是說這些東西都在所以這就是只有數據。然後所以是的,但是所以你所以這就是這些工具是而且如果你運行所有這些,你知道,這些點之類的。不知道它是通過什麼幫助的。就像所以它會有所有你可以確切地知道代理人在你知道,可以審計什麼發生了,而且他們可以像我們會有更多的時間來參加活動。是的,那我們就,呃我們這裡會有整整一個小時。

video_audio_call
